[DOC-7536] Document folders in CockroachDB Cloud (#17625)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/managing-access.md

This page details procedures for managing {{ site.data.products.db }} access to {{ site.data.products.db }}.
Before proceeding, it is recommended to review the concepts related to the two levels of {{ site.data.products.db }} access management model (the organization level and the SQL level in a cluster), which are detailed in [{{ site.data.products.db }} Access Management Overview and FAQ](authorization.html).

> Access management tasks for the organization level are performed in the {{ site.data.products.db }} console **Access Management** page, found at `https://cockroachlabs.cloud/access`. This page allows organization administrators to invite users to the {{ site.data.products.db }} organization, create service accounts, and manage the access roles granted to both. Users with Cluster Admin role on a cluster can also manage the access role grants on that cluster. Roles can be granted at the organization level or on one or more folders (if the organization is enrolled in [{{ site.data.products.db }} Folders (Limited Access)](folders.html)).

Author: Done

> Access management tasks for the organization level are performed in the {{ site.data.products.db }} console **Access Management** page, found at `https://cockroachlabs.cloud/access`. This page allows organization administrators to invite users to the {{ site.data.products.db }} organization, create service accounts, and manage the access roles granted to both. Users with Cluster Admin role on a cluster can also manage the access role grants on that cluster. Roles can be granted at the organization level or on one or more folders (if the organization is enrolled in [{{ site.data.products.db }} Folders (Limited Access)](folders.html)).

Author: ```suggestion
Access management tasks for the organization level are performed in the {{ site.data.products.db }} console **Access Management** page, found at `https://cockroachlabs.cloud/access`. This page allows organization administrators to invite users to the {{ site.data.products.db }} organization, create service accounts, and manage the access roles granted to both. Users with Cluster Admin role on a cluster can also manage the access role grants on that cluster. Roles can be granted at different scopes (levels) of the resource hierarchy.
```

> Access management tasks for the organization level are performed in the {{ site.data.products.db }} console **Access Management** page, found at `https://cockroachlabs.cloud/access`. This page allows organization administrators to invite users to the {{ site.data.products.db }} organization, create service accounts, and manage the access roles granted to both. Users with Cluster Admin role on a cluster can also manage the access role grants on that cluster. Roles can be granted at the organization level or on one or more folders (if the organization is enrolled in [{{ site.data.products.db }} Folders (Limited Access)](folders.html)).

Author: I think I got it now.
